JAPAN!

GENERAL TIPS

-Always wander off the path. Everything is so amazing, and the best part
is seeing all new things that are not crowded by tons of people.

-In Japan they use a website called Tabelog for restaurant reviews and
getting reservations. They do not use Yelp, open table, or google
reviews as regularly. If you really want to go to a specific restaurant,
try to get a reservation on Tabelog a few days before. You cannot get a
reservation the day of for restaurants there often.

-Wear nice shoes, lots of walking. Get a room with a bathtub, your body
will thank you.

-Pack light, we traveled we a backpack each to carry on the flight and a
personal item. You will be going up and down so many stairs that a
roller-bag will probably suck.

-If you have a ton of coins, you can go to a 711, buy something and
throw all your coins in the slot. It will give you back change if you
have more coins than the cost of the item. Helps to get rid of coins you
don’t know what to do with if you are buying alcohol/snacks.

-No tipping anywhere, tipping is considered disrespectful.

-Do not be loud on trains, people prefer silence.

-Always have hand sanitizer, many bathrooms do not have soap.

-GET GOOGLE TRANSLATE. You can take pictures of menus, signs, or
anything else to translate. You can also download the language so you
can use it when you don’t have service.

TRAINS

-Download the Suica app. The app is red with flowers. Set up your
account and add it to your apple wallet. You can use apple pay to add
money onto your suica card which is used for trains and subways. It will
show you your remaining balance. You can also use your suica funds at
convenience stores like apple pay. I would set this up during the
flights there or before you leave.

-Some trains have reserved seating, and you will need an express ticket.
You get into the station using your suica but then need an express
ticket. Some trains have reserved cars only meaning you "should" have a
ticket before boarding and the automated speaker will say a limited
express ticket is required to board. If you do not have a ticket yet
just get on board and buy a ticket from the attendant. Do not miss a
train just because you don’t have a ticket yet. Worst case you end up
standing instead of sitting.

-We traveled by train the entire trip. Google maps will tell you which
platform and car to take. It helped us a lot. Google maps is better than
apple maps.

TOKYO

-We loved staying in the Shinjuku area. We loved walking around and
seeing all the lit-up streets.

-We walked to the Imperial Palace and went to the Gardens, lots of
history, very pretty, go.

-Went to Shibuya crossing, was cool to see. But after that, that was
pretty much it for us. If you love to shop brand names, it is a good
area. We watched the crossing from the magnet building. You get into the
elevator and go to the roof floor to enter. We did not get Shibuya sky
tickets (you need those months in advance, we didn’t get them). The
building we went to was fine enough for us. You pay a cover and get a
drink. We went to the building where Shibuya sky is located. They had a
foodie floor where we got some great udon. I will link it under food.

-Go to Meiji Jingu park. Beautiful scenery and some shrines. Walked
through on the way to Shibuya.

-Go to Golden Gai: has a ton of cool small bars that seat four to ten
people. There are different themes for each bar. We liked Aces bar, no
cover and the owner was really nice.

https://tokyocheapo.com/food-and-drink/quick-guide-golden-gai/

https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g14133667-d6180750-Reviews-Ace_s-Kabukicho_Shinjuku_Tokyo_Tokyo_Prefecture_Kanto.html

Hotel

-Hotel Gracery (Godzilla head hotel): cool place with a nice location.
Super small rooms, but it was fine because we were out a lot. It was
also close to the Omoide Yokocho listed under the food section.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/wB7UVL3vWLX8919p6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

Food

- Tsurutontan Udon Noodle Brasserie Shibuya: amazing udon place in the Shibuya Scramble Square

https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g1066456-d19306932-Reviews-Tsurutontan_Udon_Noodle_Brasserie_Shibuya-Shibuya_Tokyo_Tokyo_Prefecture_Kanto.html

-Omoide Yokocho (you have to go), they have the best yakitori stalls.
There are two streets that are filled with different food stalls. You
can bounce around or stay at one. This is a great place for pictures as
well. 10/10 recommend. We came back here to eat several times. Every
stall is different, they are all so good.

Omoide Yokocho

https://maps.app.goo.gl/mF5Cf91j3jeHTRUM6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-Tsukiji Market-fish, desserts, steak, coffee, matcha, whatever you
dream of… it is here. Go early, so good.

-Yurakucho Kakida: amazing set sushi menu. About 15+ pieces of nigiri.
Can feel a bit touristy, but amazing fish and you pay a set amount for
food and drinks. They give you so much food too, lots of variety. Then
you get more pieces of your favorite fish at the end.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/WS9FgJU68kd6SrD1A?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-Fu-unji Ramen: waited one hour, but really good. We thought it was
worth it. Lots of locals waiting in line.

https://www.fu-unji.com/

KYOTO

Yes, it is touristy. But, it is still worth seeing in my opinion. I
loved it. We automatically woke up between 5-6 when we first got to
Kyoto. We would just go to the tourist sites early in the morning and
then wander or relax the rest of the day without an agenda. Kyoto is
broken down into different "districts". We visited the Gion, Fushimi
Inari, and Arashiyama areas and loved them all.

Gion District

-Go to Hōkan-ji Temple (Yasaka Pagoda) early in the morning or at dusk.
Less people. Or make a reservation at a hotel roof top bar called K36.
It is a long wait if you don't have a reservation. You can see the
Pagoda from the bar on the roof and the photos and views are stunning.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/iz7h1MeE2zMN2UaM6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-There are famous streets around there with restaurants and shops, here
are the street names: Hanamikoji Street (famous Geisha street),
Sannenzaka, or Ninenzaka. If you wander away from these streets, you
will find some cool shots and shops and places to eat. If you are at the
top of Ninenzaka street there is a building with three white umbrellas.
There is a cool local guy that paints miniature paintings for a good
price. We got some cool souvenirs of temples we visited and our Japanese
birth flowers for like 100 yen each. You should at least go see him. He
sits at a table near the front of the store.

-Walk all around the Gion area, you will see so many things. A great
place to wander the old streets.

-Kiyomizu-dera temple: go here when you are in Gion area near all the
above locations. Such an amazing temple that overlooks the city.
https://maps.app.goo.gl/8g6NaHvfhuiJQRfh6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-We woke up early this day and got to the above neighborhood around 6am,
it was so peaceful and nice to walk the empty streets without being
shoulder to shoulder with people. GO EARLY AND GET IT DONE. It is like a
half day worth of stuff. Seems like a lot, but it is all close together
in one area.

Hotel

-Crystal Gion Hotel: we loved this hotel, and it was affordable. It was
in old town Gion. About a 12-minute walk from the Hōkan-ji Temple
(Yasaka Pagoda). Close to the subway/train station. We stayed here for
four nights and went to the other districts in Kyoto. They also had
breakfast included.

Food

-If you are walking around Gion temples and famous streets, go to:
Hanamichi. A cute lady runs this restaurant, and the food is so good.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/kRLaGHZK7Ca6pH7R7?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-Lorimer Kyoto-: wild brunch with fish and tons of random seasonal
samples.

-Sushi and Bar Spot: near Gion hotel. 100-dollar omakase with a bar that
seats about ten people. 100% recommend. Fish and sushi chef were
amazing.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/boHjxe9wTS6c5oBD6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-Nishiki Market: souvenirs, fish, meat, desserts, all in a market.
Pretty cool to check out. Had some of the best clams and scallops. They
are everywhere.

-Go to Pontocho! This is a district in a small alley way with a ton of
cool restaurants and bars. Found a good Kobe beef place listed below.

-Kobe beef at Pontocho-noichi (pricy, but if you want certified kobe
beef, this is a good spot for it).

Ehttps://kisshokichi-kyoto.com/pontochonoichi/?fbclid=PAZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAadw6ZyYQmtvZlpsMVn2Pm4uPNua8VGFKqgpCydBZQjPMkjewiGSCFPEXoCLtg_aem_pK5dWa4_t6okG2AnpaSAeg

Arashiyama District

-We went to the monkey park and the bamboo forest. Bamboo forest has a
cool park on the side that is way better than the bamboo forest itself.
Can walk down along the water if you keep going south past the park. Was
so pretty and would recommend. The monkey park was a hike up the
mountain to an overlook of the city. Beautiful views and the monkeys are
just free roaming. If you like monkeys and views, it is worth it. We
loved walking around that area along the water. It was really pretty.
Lots of shops and restaurants. We got beers and walked around for a
while.

Food

-Taisho Hanana: Sea bream sashimi restaurant that you HAVE TO GO TO. So
good. There will probably be a line but grab a beer from a 711 and wait
in line. It is so worth it.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/XEGE148kmfDx5Jdu8?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

Fushimi Inari District

Loved the Fushimi Inari shrine. Was an uphill hike with a ton of orange
torii gates. It is super busy with tourists. There are some paths you
can go down that are less crowded. Overall, I loved it and thought it
was cool. We found some abandoned areas where we were completely alone.
Look for areas that have random torii gates and no one around. There was
a sign outside one path we went down that said it was not a through
loop. We walked down this crazy area that turns into a hike, and we
walked that all the way down instead of going back out the shrine. It
popped us out into a residential area, and we walked ten minutes back to
the shrine to get food. It was cool to see the neighborhoods in the
area. Tons of street food and shops at the bottom. We liked the area.

Food

-Inari Douhachi: Really good and cheap udon in Fashimi Inari area

https://maps.app.goo.gl/wdDCpFcVHFu63qVF8?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

KINOSAKI

One of my favorite places in Japan. Seriously, you have to go. It is an
onsen town with seven public onsens that are gender separated. You could
book a private onsen for like 60 dollars. We did not want to leave. It
was so calm and quiet. Beautiful scenery. We did spend more at an onsen
hotel that had two of its own private onsens in the lobby with a sauna
and cold plunge. We stayed two nights at Nishimuraya Hotel. This was a
lifesaver for us after walking around Kyoto and Toyko. Our bodies were
hurting. This town is quiet and sooo pretty. It is pricey, but you won’t
regret it. We paid for the chef’s seasonal dinner, and it was one of the
best meals we had. Looking back, we wish we did the two nights at the
Nishimuraya Hotel and then moved to another hotel in the town for
another night or two. We just loved being able to relax and not run all
over the place.

-We took a cable car up to the top of the mountain and walked down.
There is a café at the top where you can get coffees, beers, and hot
dogs? Hot dogs are a big thing over there.

-Gina Pizza: a great Italian place with some great pasta and pizza.

https://www.google.com/maps/place/462+Kinosakich%C5%8D+Yushima,+Toyooka,+Hyogo+669-6101,+Japan/@35.6254376,134.806381,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x5fffc830c9dd9c37:0x574912d5c3f40670!8m2!3d35.6254376!4d134.806381!16s%2Fg%2F12hnw6_w5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI1MDQxNi4xIKXMDSoJLDEwMjExNDU1SAFQAw%3D%3D

OSAKA

Stay in the Namba area if you want to be close to Dotonburi and Kuromon
Market. Our hotel was about a 10–15-minute walk to these places. Osaka
is an amazing city to eat a lot of good food. We went to the aquarium;
they have whale sharks. Buying tickets in advance is wise. Otherwise,
you might be waiting for two hours (like us).

APA Namba Ekamai Hotel-too many people, heat wouldn’t turn off. Super
small room, but we were barely there, so it was fine. I would not book
there again at that specific hotel but loved the location. If you can
stay in that area, you should.

Food

Dotonburi (Insane food district) we ended up spending a lot of time here
because of all of the amazing food options.

-Teppan Jinja (teppan-grilled skewers) must try, seriously so good if
you want different beef, chicken, pork options. We went here twice
because the hype is real.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/oZA1gKZa3yrzASRz8?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

-Can’t go wrong with the street food here. We tried a lot of places.

-Takoyaki and pufferfish are huge there. Takoyaki places have the huge
octopus sculptures on the outside of the buildings. There are a lot of
good stands out there. We went to one right next to Teppan Jinja and it
was good.

Osaka Kuromon Market (best market ever if you love fish)

-Suehiro- great sushi and hand rolls. Has a grab and go or sit down at
the bar.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/KLm6x9DAAkLwQVFR9?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

21-33, Nippombashi 1-Chōme

Chuo, Osaka, Osaka

Japan 542-0073

-Entoki Kuromon- best tuna, serves nigiri sampler of different parts of
the tuna. This booth will live in my mind and heart until the end of
time.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/M8eTX6B1BPgQPQSa6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

https://entoki.com/

-We ate at so many stalls. The above two were our favorites. Everything
else was good. But not as amazing as those.

KANAZAWA

I would go back to Kanazawa again. It is beautiful and is like a less
crowded Kyoto. If you don't want to go to a tourist city, go here! There
is a massive castle in the middle of the city. The Kanazawa Castle. You
can tour different parks of it and buy tickets to a garden next to it
that is stunning.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/PfDwtB21FuRiFfae8?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy
Hotel

Tokyu Stay Kanazawa: We loved it and it was super affordable, the
location was good too.

https://www.google.com/travel/search?ts=CAEaSQopEicyJTB4NWZmODMzNmZjYTc0NTJiZjoweGRjMzhkYjkyMWJlYWMzNzESHBIUCgcI6Q8QBxgbEgcI6Q8QBxgcGAEyBAgAEAAqBwoFOgNVU0Q&qs=CAEyFENnc0k4WWFyMzZIeXRwemNBUkFCOAJCCQlxw-obkts43EIJCXHD6huS2zjc&utm_campaign=sharing&utm_medium=link_btn&utm_source=htls

Food

Uva Uva: Italian food
We found this place wandering. It is an Italian/Japanese fusion. We did
a set menu, and they had seasonal ingredients. They had an Italian
sashimi and tempura. They did a squid pomodoro that was good. The owner
is a cute lady that is a sommelier. She showed us some great wines.

https://uvauva-romanza.jp

https://maps.app.goo.gl/tWkANjJui7gXxfE69?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

Ramen Mikoshi: was ok.

https://maps.app.goo.gl/eNz3MgzFC1qVyQVEA?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

Furansu Cocktail Bar

https://maps.app.goo.gl/9VQVbYkng9vMkxoJ6?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

Higashi Chaya District: an old town district with shops, bars, and
restaurants. There is a river that runs by it that is beautiful to walk
down. We did a sake tasting and got Donburi bowls.

Fukumitsuya Higashi (Sake Bar)

https://maps.app.goo.gl/dkmm6chdRkLFs9cF8?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy

Higashiyama Yoshi

Donburi Bowls-so good

https://maps.app.goo.gl/MqEARfKoKxf56u6h9?g_st=com.google.maps.preview.copy
